# Meeting Minutes

**Date:** Monday 16 September 2024

**Time:** 17:40

**Location:** Discord

**Attendees:**

N/A

**Apologies**
N/A



## Agenda

N/A

Meeting open at: N/A


*Meeting was cancelled on Clients request*


**Question: How important is the trade off between accurately finding people vs accurately finding PPE? Are we ok with defining people with less confidence to start defining PPE as per discord message?**
*Yes.*


## Item 2: Sprint Plan

| Name | Unikey | Video Link |
|--|--|--|
| Sebastian Skontos | ssko7098 | Work on fixing current models overfitting |
| Ryan Tanevski | rtan4242 | Assist Ethan and Dim in data processing and splitting based on PPE |
| Dmitry Khachumov | dkha5410 | Finish data augmentation and upload to server |
| Otavio Pereira Wood | oper7179 | Assist Ethan and Dim in data processing and splitting based on PPE |
| Ethan Acevski | eace4343 | Finish data augmentation and upload to server |
| Nicko Heberden | nheb2621 | Work on fixing current models overfitting |

## Item 3 - General Business

Meeting closed at:  N/A
