# Meeting Minutes

**Date:** Tuesday 29 August 2024

**Time:** 20:00 

**Location:** Zoom online meeting

**Attendees:**

* Team Member 1 (Sebastian Skontos)
* Team Member 3 (Ryan Tanevski)
* Team Member 4 (Dmitry Khachumov)
* Team Member 5 (Nicko Heberden)
* Team Member 6 (Ethan Acevski)
* Team Member 7 (Otavio Pereira Wood)


**Applogies**
* Team Member 2 (Daniel Geng)

## Agenda

* Item 1 - Objective of meeting
* Item 2 - What was achieved
* Item 3 - (Action Items) Allocation of Tasks and outline of until next meeting

Meeting open at: 20:00 

## Item 1 - Objective of meeting

* Meeting was called to touch base regarding what is required for the upcoming week. We needed to identify action plans and allocate jobs. Specifically these were getting an update from the modelling team (Nick and Seb) about how the ISC/GPU training is progressing, aswell as dividing up the parts of the group report.

## Item 2 - What was achieved

* Each requirement/section of the group report was highlighted to each member. now everyone knows what is to be completed by the due date. These are also posted on the slack chat. 


## Item 3 - (Action Items) Allocation of Tasks and outline of until next meeting

| Name | Unikey | ToDo |
|--|--|--|
| Sebastian Skontos | ssko7098 | Part 4, continue working with the client's GPU to attempt training a model |
| Daniel Geng | rgen7310 | Part 3, Assist Seb and Nick in GPU troubleshooting |
| Ryan Tanevski | rtan4242 | Part 6, Augment dataset on Roboflow |
| Dmitry Khachumov | dkha5410 | Part 2 with Ethan, continue research into alternative data |
| Otavio Pereira Wood | oper7179 | Part 5, Augment dataset |
| Ethan Acevski | eace4343 | Part 2, Work with Dmitry on research and part 2 |
| Nicko Heberden | nheb2621 | Part 1, finish training model on GPU/ISC and report back results |

Meeting closed at:  20:40
